README.md, before:

# EMUForm

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm](https://badges.gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm.svg)](https://gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/SMERM/EMUForm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/coverage)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/SMERM/EMUForm.svg?branch=master&style=shields)](http://inch-ci.org/github/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm)

Form for EMUFest submissions

If you are getting bored, feel free to help. [Here](./public/doc/TODO.md) is our [TODO list](./public/doc/TODO.md).

**PLEASE NOTE**: if you want to test mail send/receive in the `development`
environment, please install (and then run) `mailcatcher`, like so:

```sh
$ gem install mailcatcher
$ mailcatcher
```

## License

EMUForm - submission form software for the EMUfest Festival
Copyright (C) 2016 SMERM Group

Released under the GNU GPL v.2.0 License.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

Commit message:

completed mailcatcher usage documentation in the README.md

README.md, after:

# EMUForm

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm](https://badges.gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm.svg)](https://gitter.im/SMERM/EMUForm?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/SMERM/EMUForm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/coverage)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/SMERM/EMUForm.svg?branch=master&style=shields)](http://inch-ci.org/github/SMERM/EMUForm)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/SMERM/EMUForm)

Form for EMUFest submissions

If you are getting bored, feel free to help. [Here](./public/doc/TODO.md) is our [TODO list](./public/doc/TODO.md).

**PLEASE NOTE**: if you want to test mail send/receive in the `development`
environment, please install (and then run) `mailcatcher`, like so:

```sh
$ gem install mailcatcher
$ mailcatcher
```
then, as described in the `mailcatcher` documentation, you may check the
testing mail sent pointing your browser [here](http://localhost:1080).

## License

EMUForm - submission form software for the EMUfest Festival
Copyright (C) 2016 SMERM Group

Released under the GNU GPL v.2.0 License.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
